Hey Ling Ling, where were you born?
I was born in a small village in Chantilly Province.
What was the name of the village?
Hutuan, where were you born Tony?
I was born in Cambridge. It's a small city in England.
What was the name of your first school?
It was Darwin Primary School.
Who was your first teacher?
My first teacher was Mrs. Lane.
She was strict but very nice.
Who was your first teacher?
Muziao, she was very friendly.
Who were your first friends? What were they like?
Their names were Becky and Adam.
Becky was very good in class.
But Adam wasn't. He was quite difficult.
And what were you like? Were you difficult in class too?
No, I wasn't. I was very good.